Update User Guide - Add COG catalog option (#9486)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/catalog.md

    (some [FAQs](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/maps-platform/commonly-asked-questions-about-our-recently-launched-photorealistic-3d-tiles) are also available online for this purpose) before providing Google Photorealistic 3D Tile in your MapStore maps in order to enable only allowed tools (e.g. *Measurement* and *Identify* tools should be probably disabled).
    For this purpose it is possible to appropriately set the [configuration of MapStore plugins](../../developer-guide/maps-configuration/#map-options)  to exclude tools that could conflict with Google policies. Alternatively, it is possible to use a dedicated [application context](application-context.md#configure-plugins) to show Photorealistic 3D Tiles by including only the permitted tools within it.

### COG Catalog

A **Cloud Optimized GeoTIFF** ([COG](https://www.cogeo.org)) is a regular GeoTIFF file, aimed at being hosted on a HTTP file server, with an internal organization that enables more efficient workflows on the cloud environment. It does this by leveraging the ability of clients issuing ​HTTP GET range requests to ask for just the parts of a file they need.

> MapStore allows to add COG as layers and backgrounds through the *Catalog* tool, a specific source type can be configured as follows by specifying the URL of a reachable `geotiff.tif`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MapStore allows to add COG layers (also as a background) through its *Catalog* tool where a specific source type can be configured as follows by specifying the URL of a reachable COG `.tif` resource.
```
